First issue was my workflow, I created a branch to initiate the repo and then when I went to create
a PR it created the PR on the Janus repo.  Took me a while, but I ended up abandoning the idea of creating PRs for all
my changes.  I wanted to do that so I could do "code reviews" on myself and then address the comments with
well thought out commits.  I abandoned that and just created commits to main in my fork.

Second big issue, amazon.com does not always load the same landing page.  There are two pages that are loaded, with different DOMs.
So my typical POM was not working and I quickly realized that I would have to have multiple page objects and then tell
the test to decide which one to use, and that sucks.

Third, the selectors for the dropdown to sort the results were extremely flaky.  They worked about 50% of the time over about 50 test runs.

Fourth...maybe I'll stop keeping count.  The search results showed the price of the items sometimes, but not others.  Not really sure why,
but this was the last straw where I realized that doing this all through the front end would be very complicated and brittle.

I decided to research my options to send api requests and Amazon has a search api that you can use if you have a business account.
So I created a businee account for my LLC, but they said it would take 24-48 hours to validate my account before I could request usage
of the APIs, and that was at about 5pm on Tuesday, 31 hours before the project is due.

I decided that I could work on the later steps of the automation while I was waiting for access.  I created some interfaces for items
that would be in the search response.  I wrote the logic to write those items to csv files.

It is late and the ahsoka finale is starting soon, so I'll have to start again in the morning.  If I don't have access to the APIs yet,
then I think I will work on doing some transformations on the csv data and then converting it to a parquet file and uploading to an S3
in AWS, just for funsies.

Also, I could set up a github actions workflow to run this all in a docker container, so I can put together a docker file and maybe
a docker compose file to run this stuff.

getting the price of the items from the dom was problematic, I had to remove a newline from the dollars portion of the price

There is some inconsistency when clicking on an item and the price it shows, manually I am getting a different number than when playwright
does it.  This is a todo item, running out of time.

did all the work to get this running with the search term 'laptop', worked good and stable.  Unfortunately when I tried another search term, 'tv'
I found out that amazon will let you click on an item that has no price.  I am out of time, not sure that I will be able to fix this part.

I think having a better picture of the product under test would have helped a bit, not knowing about the two landing pages, that sometimes the price doesn't show
in the search results and now that the price doesn't always show on the product page.

It would have been nice to have my amazon business account approved too.